Add import process flow diagram (#103)
nickmoreton/wagtail-wordpress-import: docs/import_process.md

# Import process

The import is started by the Django management command:

```bash
python manage.py import_xml path/to/xml/file.xml parent_page_id
```

but what happens afterwards is complicated, and highly configurable:

> <img src="import-flow-diagram.png">

Author: **Suggestion** I think the src is incorrect with the document now inside `docs` folder. It's probably better though to move the image into the same folder rather than update the src.

Reviewer: Ah, good spot. Thanks.

Reviewer: I have moved this.

Author: Thanks

## `import_xml` Command

> We assume here that you have an XML export of a WordPress site. You should at least have [analysed](docs/tooling.md#analyze-xml-commands) and [reduced](docs/tooling.md#reduce-xml-command) it, ready for import.

Author: ```suggestion
We assume here that you have a full XML export of a WordPress site. You should at least have considered using  [analyse](docs/tooling.md#analyze-xml-commands) and [reduce](docs/tooling.md#reduce-xml-command), before you run the import.
```

The cache will use a key, e.g, `"wp:author"`, to store a list of unique author entities found.

Your settings will also have specified a function to be run after walking the XML, see [Run registered functions](#run-registered-functions).

## After walking the XML

Once all nodes are processed, and either imported as `Page` objects, or cached for later, some processing involving database relations is possible.

### Connect rich text page links

If page body StreamField contains RichText blocks with HTML `a` elements linking to relative URLs, the importer attempts to convert these to dynamic Wagtail references to `Page` objects.

### Run registered functions

These are configurable functions to process cached tags and items, and create the ForeignKey relationships they represent. If an XML node has been configured for cacheing until later, a corresponding function will have been registered to process the cached data.

> For the author example previously, this function would handle creating an Author instance for each entry found in the cache, and then querying the imported pages, and linking them to this author. This query uses the list of page IDs stored by the importer class.

Author: ```suggestion
For the author example previously, this function would handle creating an Author instance for entries found in the cache, and then querying the imported pages, and linking them to this author. Only author entries that have a relation to an imported page are saved, if the author already exists the existing record is linked. This query uses the list of page IDs stored by the importer class.
```

Reviewer: I agree that this would be the desired behaviour, so I've updated this, but surely the exact behaviour depends on the user's registered function?

Author: Thanks Nick that's a valid point and you are right. I'd be happy if you revert my suggestion.

Reviewer: Okay, I've updated this again and made it clearer that the functions are for users to write.
